# graph_lr
Graph Representation Learning

> This project has been generated by cookiecutter from [this template](https://github.com/MICS-Lab/poetry_cookiecutter).

# Template usage instructions

All the instructions can be found in this [documentation](https://mics-lab.github.io/poetry_cookiecutter/).

Some of the main command lines are reminded below.
## Activate the poetry environment

To activate your new poetry environment, you can choose one of the following:
- Choose the installed poetry interpreter on Visual Studio Code (it activates your env automatically at each new terminal window). If you didn't provide VS Code the path to poetry virtualenvs, add `"python.venvPath": <path>` in your VS Code user settings file, where `path` is the output of the following command line: `poetry config virtualenvs.path`
- At the root of the project, run `poetry shell`.
- Use `poetry run` before each command line, e.g. `poetry run python your_script.py`

> All the command lines in this documentation assume that you have activated your environment using one of these methods. E.g., instead of telling you to run `poetry run mkdocs serve`, we simply say `mkdocs serve` (note that you need to add `poetry run` in front of the command only if you have chosen the third option).
## Run the documentation locally

`mkdocs serve`

## Run tests

`pytest`

## Run formatting

`black .`

It is also encouraged to run formatting on save. If you use Visual Studio Code, you can choose black as the provider (under `Python › Formatting: Provider`) and enable formatting on save (`Editor: Format On Save`).

## Deploy the doc
To deploy the documentation on Github Pages, you must first push your changes on the `master` branch.
Then, go to the GitHub settings, and choose `gh-pages` as the branch, and `/docs` as the folder. It will create a link so that you can access the doc online.

NB: the default CI is set up to deploy pages when pushing to `master`, but you can update the `.github/workflows/ci.yml` file.

## Package installation
You can install your package on other environments. Simply activate your environment, then move to the project's root and run `pip install -e .` to install it with the editable mode. Now, you can import your package when running on this new environment, and it will always consider your code changes thanks to the editable mode (no need to reinstall the package).